In this lesson we're going to learn how to change the gear whilst driving your
car. When changing gears, it's important to be gentle, so try
to avoid forcing the gearstick into gear, and instead gently push the side of the gearstick with your palm. 

In order to complete this lesson you will have to start the car, put it
into gear, indicate left to pull out, perform an all around check, bring
the car to the bite, release the handbrake, and pull away. When the revs
reach 3500rpm you'll take your foot off of the accelerator, drop your 
clutch, shift to second gear, bring the car to the bite, and carry on. Once
you reach 3500rpm again, you'll drop the clutch and shift to third, bring 
the car to the bite and carry on. After that, I'll ask you to slow down. 
When your car gets below 1500rpm you'll drop your clutch and shift down to 
second, bring the car to the bite and carry on. After this I'll then ask 
you to pull over to the right, just like in the previous lesson. Make sure
youre constantly checking your mirrors and surroundings along to way to
ensure you do everything safely. That's a lot of information to take in at 
once, but dont worry, I'll remind you along the way.

Firstly start the car by pressing 'A'.

Now push the clutch in and put the car into first.

Excelent, now indicate left to pull out.

Next, bring the clutch to the biting point.

Good, now perform an all around check, and when the coast is clear, release
the handbrake by pressing 'B'.

Good work, if there's still nothing coming, pull away. Make sure you keep
your eyes on the road, and dont stare at the revs gauge.

Now the revs are above 3000rpm, you can stop accelerating, drop the clutch,
and shift to second gear. Remember to apply a small amount of revs when
moving slowly up through the bite point.

Well done, drive on.

Now the revs are above 3000rpm, you can stop accelerating again, drop the 
clutch, and shift to third gear exactly the same way you did before. 
Remember to be gentle with the gear stick!

Well done.

Now begin to slow down, removing your foot from the accelerator, and
gently touch the brake.

Now the revs are below 1500rpm, drop the clutch and shift down to second
the same way you did when you shifted up.

Good job.

Indicate right to pull over ahead. Make sure to check your right mirror to
ensure there are no obstacles you could hit.

Now drop your clutch again and apply the brake to a stop at the side of
the road. 

Next take the car out of gear.

And now you can release the clutch again.

Good, now apply the handbrake by pressing 'B'

And take your foot off of the brake.

Finally cancel the indication, if it hasn't already.

Congratulations you've completed the gear shifting lesson. Press 'X' to
return to the main menu.