In this lesson we're going to learn the starting and stopping of the car.
Before we start, take a moment to familiarise yourself with the foot
pedals. The furthest left is the clutch, this engages the gear when let
out, and disengages it when pushed down. In the centre is the brake, 
this helps the car stop, and to the right is the accelerator.

The clutch is the most important pedal in the car, as poor clutch control
will make your car stall. The clutch must always be fully down when moving
from neutral into a gear, or vice versa. If youre pulling away from a 
stationary position, you should slowly release the clutch around 50% of the
way out. This is called the bite point. In a real car you can hear the 
enguine noise change at this point, as well as see the bonnet lift slightly.
However, this is signified in these lessons with a message on the screen. 
At the bite point, the car revs should be increased to around 2 thousand 
rpm, in order to stop the car stalling as the clutch is released. The 
clutch should then be slowly released, and the car will start to move. When 
you brake to come to a stop, the clutch must be pressed in again to 
disengage the gears.

In order to complete this lesson we will: start the car, push down the
clutch, put the car into first, indicate left to pull out, perform an all
around check bring the car to the bite, release the handbrake, add some
revs with the accelerator, release the clutch slowly, drive for a few
seconds, indicate right to pull over, push the clutch down, apply the brake,
take the car out of gear, lift the clutch, apply the handbrake, release the
footbrake, and finally turn the indicator off.

Start by turning on the car by pressing 'A'.

Next move is to push the clutch the whole way in and hold it there.

Good, now put the car into first gear.

Now indicate left to tell other drivers we're coming out.

Fantastic, next job is to complete an all around check as in lesson 1, and
then bring the car to the bite.

Now we can release the handbrake by pressing 'B'.

Next we need some revs, aim for around between 1 and a half thousand and 
3 and a half thousand. Don't forget to keep checking your surroundings to
make sure it's safe to pull away.

Great, now slowly lift the clutch, maintaining those revs, and pull away.

Now lets pull over. Indicate to the right.

Good, then push the clutch the whole way in, releasing your other foot from
the accelerator.

With your right foot, push gently on the brake. Be carful not to push too
hard, as the brake is very sensitive.

Take the car out of gear and into neutral.

Great job, now release the clutch.

Apply the handbrake by pushing 'B'.

Now you can lift your foot off of the footbrake.

And finally cancel the indication, if it is still on.

Congratulations you have completed the second lesson! Press 'X' to return
to the main menu.

That noise is the car stalling. Don't worry, it even happens to experienced
drivers from time to time. Don't panic, push down the clutch and put the 
car into neutral, then press 'A' to turn the car back on and try again from
the start.